You said that the courier is the chairperson of Blue Port.
How is that possible?
Shen Yan is the chairperson of Langang
Shen Yan spent more than a billion
The big man who took over Langang
You read it wrong.
Let me tell you something.
The chairperson said
Dealing with group loan management
Hurry up and pack my things for me, let's go
Do you hear me?
How could I be doomed?
I'm so beautiful
I am now officially breaking up with you.
I didn't expect that I, Su Yueqing, would also be wrong
I actually see you as a trash
Now Shen Yan
She is my new boyfriend, Su Yueqing
You eat inside and out
And
Don't you forget how much you got from me?
sister
I am the chairperson's high school classmate
Get out of the way
We haven't seen each other for a long time
No, I'll invite you to dinner tonight.
Come on, let go of your hand first
I am a courier.
Don't contaminate you
No matter how high-end perfume is, it can't be covered.
I'm here to forward entertainment
It has something to do with his uncle's attitude
You don't have to worry about that.
I will check these things one by one.
As for you, you can't escape
Are you right for me? Hey, do you have the heart?